Update Readme (new template) (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/wpf-grid-highlight-specific-cells: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/💬_Leave_Feedback-feecdd?style=flat-square)](#does-this-example-address-your-development-requirementsobjectives)
<!-- default badges end -->

# WPF Grid - Highlight Specific Cells

> This example modifies the background color of specific grid cells. Target cells are defined explicitly by row and column (independent of the underlying data). The example stores target cells in a collection and applies colors through a custom `CellStyle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example modifies the background color of specific grid cells. Target cells are defined explicitly by rows and columns (independent of the underlying data). The example stores target cells in a collection and applies colors through a custom `CellStyle`.

```
